    https://codepen.io/ztay90/pen/PoqNQeK
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Introduces meaning the web page rather than jsut presentation
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Used to markup webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Used to to define a characteristic on an element and is placed inside the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        Used to title a web page and should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img tag and 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Title, Metadata, CSS, Javascript
    7. What is an id? 
        Used to identify one element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any HTML element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        Once 
    10. What is a class? 
        Specifies one or more classnames for an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any HTML element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        alternative text when the element it is applied to cannot be rendered
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        Semantics. The meaning of the content you're divinding up.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        To define the layout and appearence of a webpage.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {

        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        The id is used to apply styling to one unique element while 
        The class is used to apply styling to multiple elements.
        <h1 id="header">Hello World</h1>

        <h1 class="header1">Hello World 1</h1>
        <h1 class="header1">Hello World 2</h1>
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .header1
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
        p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A child selector is used to select an element that is a direct child of the parent element.
        Useful when you want to select a direct child of a specific parent element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        a.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Used to define a special state of na element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm, because you could remove important documents
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It remembers the history of your files. Allowing you to go back to earlier versions.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Atleast once an hour
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork project repo
        2. Add TL as a collaborator
        3. Clone forked repo
        4. Add clone command in terminal
        5. Create a branch with first and last name
        6. Open project in text editor
        7. In terminal add > commit > push
        8. On Github click compare and pull request
        9. Choose forked repo as base repository
        10. Add TL as reviewer and click pull request
        11. Start working  on project every time finish a feature add > commit > push origin firstname-lastname
        12. once MVP is complete make a commit with a message and TL will chec it out.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Block elements take up full width available on the page and Inline elements only take up as much width thats needed
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        Removed from normal flow of the document and instead placed in an exact location
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
        Using Inline-block
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        block: div, p, ul
        inline: span, img
        inline-block: input
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        Its a box that wraps around every HTML element.
        box-sizing: border-box;